[Autogenerated] let's enable a W s single sign on in our AWS organization and
create Federated users and groups in the AWS SSO directory service will then
define permission sets and assigned group access to A W s accounts in the
organization finally will sign in with our Federated User to access the
accounts in our AWS organization.
I'm signed in to the master account of my AWS organization.
Let's go to AWS single sign on and enable AWS sso,
once it is successfully enabled, will need to choose the identity source.
I'm going to leave the default of a W s s s.
So if you have an Active Directory or other identity provider,
this is where you would configure that I'll go ahead and cancel out.
Next.
Let's create some users.
You can send an email to the user or generate a one time
password that you would share with the user.
I'll go ahead and have it.
Send an email to the user.
Next you'll enter the first last and display name for this username member.
This is a directory service.
So this would be like your company directory.
You can add additional information like phone number,
job information address or other preferences that you
may want to associate with this user.
You're just going to fill out the required information, then move on.
We haven't created any groups yet.
You could do that here or wait and do that later.
I'll go ahead and create a group here for this user.
I'll call it administrators I can Select the Administrators Group and that
will associate the user I'm creating with this group.
I'll add the user.
Now the user is created.
I'm going to create a couple of other groups before I add the other two users.
We'll call this one E.
C to access and S3 access.
Let's add a couple of other users with their email and require details,
and I'll assign user one to both the easy to access and the S3 access groups.
I'll create one more user and enter the required information
and assign this user only the S3 access.
From here, you can see all of your AWS SSO users.
Remember these error Federated users, not I am users.
Here's where you can configure different things for the user,
such as resetting the password or disabling this user.
I want to change the display name for this one.
So I can do that here.
Okay,
we have our users all defined and the groups that those users belong to Next
we need to assign which accounts these users can access.
Go to AWS accounts, then select the account where you would like to assign users.
I'm going to assign these users to the global app DEV account Select
Assigned users rather than a sign the users to this account.
I'm going to assign groups.
I'll do these one at a time since they're each going to have a
different permission set attached to this access relationship
will start with administrators.
I'll need to create a new permission set that I can use and select either
a job function policy or accustomed permission set.
Let's take a look at some of the different job
function policies that error to find.
I'm going to choose administrator access.
I'll assign the user to this permission set,
then select finish when I go back to the AWS accounts I can see
that the administrator access permission set is associate ID
with the global app Deva account.
When I drill into that we can see that the administrators
group is attached to the administrator Access permission set
for the Global app Deva account.
The relationship is a little bit different than how
we've been assigning roles to remember.
A user or group is associated with a single A W s account in your organization,
and a permission set is attached to that relationship.
To allow your Federated users access to multiple accounts,
you'll set up this permission set relationship between each user or group
and each account that you want to give them access to.
What A.
W S SSO does for you in the background is create a role in the target
account that allows these users or groups that you've assigned to the
permission set to assume that role.
Let's take a look at the roles that error in the global app DEVA account.
Here are the roles that existed in the global app Deva account
Before I created my AWS SSO organization,
I'll refresh notice the new role that has an identity
provider listed as a trusted entity.
This is the role that was created by AWS Sso.
If we look at the permissions we can see that it's selected the
AWS managed policy for administrator access.
Let's assign the other two groups to the global app Deva account with the
appropriate permission sets for the easy to access,
I want to create a new permission set that allows easy to full access.
I'll select Amazon easy to full access and under session duration.
You can choose how long a user could be logged in before they're
automatically logged out of their session.
I'll go ahead and leave it at the default of one hour.
I'll select this new permission set that we just created.
We can now see that the easy to access group has the permission set of E C to
access for the global Aptiva Count will assign Our last S3 group will attach
S3 full access and select it for this group.
We have three different groups with three different permission
sets to access the global Aptiva account.
If we go back to roles in our global app Deva account we can see the
additional roles that have been created by a W s S S O that have
identity provider as a trusted entity.
Let's log in with our Federated users to see how this works.
When the user checks their email,
they'll get a link to create a new password for their AWS SSO account.
This is the AWS single sign on dashboard.
This Federated user is associate ID with one AWS account, Global app Dev.
Because this users was added to two different groups
with two different permission sets,
they'll need to select which role they want to assume to access the account.
Let's start out with easy to access will go to the management console.
Notice where the username is.
It's the name of the role created for our Federated user.
If we go to easy to we can, see that we have permissions to do things in.
Easy to If we were to go to S3 notice how we get a
permission error for this user to access S3,
they'll need to go back to the AWS sso console and log
in using a different permission set.
Let's go to the management console using the S3 access permission set again.
Notice the name change now we can go to S3,
see the buckets that were already created in this
account and even create a new bucket.
If you're Federated User instead needed command line or programmatic access,
they can select that link.
Then it will generate a set of temporary credentials
that they can use on the command line.
These will expire after the configure time, so you don't have to worry about removing them when you're done.